---
title: Facebook Going Public an Your Content
author: chris
layout: post
permalink: /2012/06/06/facebook-going-public-an-your-content/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Well its been a week or two since Facebook went public and shared were sold, I&#8217;m not a business expert but I guess that this gives more public (share holders) control of the company.  However a bi-product of this is a number of people posting and sharing a number of different statements in a bit to stop Facebook using the content on their profiles for other uses. However this was investigated by the myth busting site Snopes.com, the rough idea of the status updates was to act like a disclaimer saying that the profile owner did not give consent for Facebook or any third party partners to use any profile data, images, media or personal information. But what many people did not remember and what most people forget is that when you sign up for Facebook you agreed to the sites terms and conditions. I have not and will probably never read these for Facebook or any other site but I can bet that somewhere deep in the terms and conditions it states that anything you post on Facebook can and will be used by the site. The only way to stop this is to not use Facebook, unfortunately  we live in a digital age and this is a hard choice for some people. I know myself that I would love you delete my Facebook however i would lose contact with a lot of people I know, the best practice with your Facebook is to not add any personal information, keep your posts related to funny videos of cats and use it to chat to friends that you don&#8217;t call or text. Any images to add try and add a good water mark to them to stop others using them and you will be as safe but the main point is to know that once you put something on the internet its no longer yours and it will appear anywhere and everywhere. If you think of it in the respect that without thousands of people posting their images, videos and random saying we wouldn&#8217;t have the funny internet that we have today.