---
title: School Puts Pressure on 9 Year Old Blogger
author: chris
layout: post
permalink: /2012/06/16/school-puts-pressure-on-9-year-old-blogger/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Yesterday in the news I seen a headline &#8220;Scots council: 9-yr-old lunch blogger was causing &#8216;distress and harm&#8221;, the story was about a 9 yr-old blogger that had been keeping a food blog about the schools canteen meals and giving the rating and also voice some concerns about the health value. However this was eventually met with harsh words from the local school board, who ruled that the child was not aloud to take pictures of the food but still blog as this was causing distress and harm to the schools canteen staff and reputation. This was not taken lightly by the internet which erupted and voice its option about this being a preach of free speech and of the school was worried then it usually had to improve its food system. After this was made news by the likes of the BBC the school board released another statement saying that the child was aloud to take photos and that it would not prevent this, the school board had more or less taken a complete u-turn after the bad press that was generated by the school trying to stop it receiving bad press. 

However this not the first case I have seen of this happen, When in university a member of my class had been keeping a blog talking about his university life and also voicing some options. He had kept all name out of the blog and never had any links to the university in the blog, however after a post too far about a lecture reusing tests and not doing a good job of it he was put on the radar of the university. This resulted in the lecture in question refusing to teach the student and the student being removed from the class and taken in front of the heads of the school and the possibility of not graduating being in question. unfortunately I don&#8217;t know the end of that story but the university refused to release any information.